feat(messaging): add api-cli docs for sns/sqs aws cli and python/node sdks (#819)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/messaging/api-cli/python-node-sqs.mdx

- For Node.js, use the [AWS SDK for JavaScript](https://aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/), which can be [installed from NPM](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-js-v3#getting-started)

This guide provides code samples to show you how to start using these SDKs with your Scaleway Messaging SNS/SQS namespace, specifically with SQS.

<Message type="requirement">

  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)  
  - You have [created an SNS/SQS Messaging namespace](/compute/messaging/how-to/create-namespace/)
  - You have [generated credentials](/compute/messaging/how-to/create-credentials/) for your SNS/SQS Messaging namespace
  - You have installed the relevant AWS SDK [for Python](https://aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-python/) and/or [JavaScript](https://aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/)

</Message>

## Python

### Connect to SQS

The following code sample shows how to connect to SQS using Boto3's `resource()`. It is also posible to `client()`, but resource is more pythonesque:

```python
sqs = boto3.resource('sqs',
  endpoint_url=[],
  aws_access_key_id=[],
  aws_secret_access_key=[],
  region_name='fr-par')
```

<Message type="note">

>   The `endpoint_url` for Scaleway Messaging is `http://51.159.73.139:4280`. For the access and secret key values, use the credentials you [generated](/compute/messaging/how-to/create-credentials/) for your SNS/SQS namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `endpoint_url` for Scaleway Messaging is `http://sqs-sns.mnq.fr-par.scw.cloud`. For the access and secret key values, use the credentials you [generated](/compute/messaging/how-to/create-credentials/) for your SNS/SQS namespace.
```

</Message>

Once connected to the SQS service, you can use any functions available with the SDK - just check that they're [supported by Scaleway Messaging](https://developers.scaleway.com/en/products/messaging_and_queuing/api/v1alpha1/#sqs-api-support-actions). See the [official documentation](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/index.html) for more details, or read on to see some examples.

### Create queue

```python
# Create the queue. This returns an SQS.Queue instance
queue = sqs.create_queue(QueueName='my test queue')
 
# You can now access identifiers and attributes
print(queue.url)
print(queue.attributes)
```

### Send messages to this queue

```python
for i in range (0,10):
  queue.send_message(MessageBody="Hello World: "+str(i))
```

### Receive messages from this queue

```python
for message in queue.receive_messages():
  print(message.body)
  message.delete()
```

## NodeJS

### Connect to SQS

The following code sample shows how to connect to SQS:

```javascript
var sqs = new AWS.SQS({
  apiVersion: '2012-11-05',
  endpoint: [],
  accessKeyId: [],
  secretAccessKey: [],
  region: 'fr-par'
  });
```

<Message type="note">

>   The `endpoint_url` for Scaleway Messaging is `http://51.159.73.139:4280`. For the access and secret key values, use the credentials you [generated](/compute/messaging/how-to/create-credentials/) for your SNS/SQS namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `endpoint_url` for Scaleway Messaging is `http://sqs-sns.mnq.fr-par.scw.cloud`. For the access and secret key values, use the credentials you [generated](/compute/messaging/how-to/create-credentials/) for your SNS/SQS namespace.
```
